debt is a good debt or a bad debt.
Rich people are bound to have debts.
They will borrow money to do things that will increase in value,
buy things that will appreciate in value,
or assets that will bring positive cash flow.
If you pay back 1 yuan
but your income can create 2 yuan, then
achieving unlimited leverage
will only help you accumulate wealth slowly and slowly, and slowly
snowball.
For example, using a good credit card repayment record to
improve your credit score, the
first thing everyone should know is that
a healthy credit record
means not using more than 30% of the credit limit
and repaying on time every month.
Credit score may not be of much use to you today,
but if you
plan to do a mortgage or do business in the future and suddenly
need
money to turn around,
how much you can borrow, what the interest rate is,
or even whether you can borrow at all?
Credit score is absolutely the key role  There is more than one way
to prove that an institution is worthy of lending you money.